Introducing Notecentric: Facebook Edition!
Published on August 05, 2007.
So about a year ago I unveiled my killer web app, Notecentric.
It was an online note taking app that I used in class.
And I was about the only person who used it… Well, this Summer Facebook opened up their website to third party applications, and I immediately thought of Notecentric.
I haven’t really had much free time this Summer, though.
I’ve been tele-working for a company during the day.
But I found some time this weekend and last weekend to get a working version of Notecentric up on Facebook.
It really didn’t take much time since I had already done Notecentric once before.
This was just sort of an adaptation, though Facebook has its own weird things to learn. Like redirects.
Anyway, check out and install the Notecentric app .
Once I get 5 users, I can apply for Notecentric to be in the official directory!
So hopefully that’ll be soon.
I’m planning on adding more functionality as time permits, but for now, it’s totally working. I think.